website/content/commands/acl/token/update.mdx, before:

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: ACL Token Update'
description: |
  The `consul acl token update` command updates ACL token details such as attached policies, roles, and service identities. Some token details cannot be changed with this command.
---

# Consul ACL Token Update

Command: `consul acl token update`

Corresponding HTTP API Endpoint: [\[PUT\] /v1/acl/token/:AccessorID](/consul/api-docs/acl/tokens#update-a-token)

The `acl token update` command will update a token. Some parts of the token like whether the
token is local to the datacenter cannot be changed.

The table below shows this command's [required ACLs](/consul/api-docs/api-structure#authentication). Configuration of
[blocking queries](/consul/api-docs/features/blocking) and [agent caching](/consul/api-docs/features/caching)
are not supported from commands, but may be from the corresponding HTTP endpoint.

| ACL Required |
| ------------ |
| `acl:write`  |

## Usage

Usage: `consul acl token update [options]`

#### Command Options

- `-description=<string>` - A description of the token

- `-id=<string>` - The Accessor ID of the token to read. It may be specified as a
  unique ID prefix but will error if the prefix matches multiple token Accessor IDs

- `merge-node-identities` - Merge the new node identities with the existing node
  identities.

- `-merge-policies` - Deprecated. Merge the new policies with the existing policies.

~> This is deprecated and will be removed in future Consul version. Use `add-policy-id` or `add-policy-name`
instead.

- `-merge-roles` - Deprecated. Merge the new roles with the existing roles.

~> This is deprecated and will be removed in future Consul version. Use `add-role-id` or `add-role-name`
instead.

- `-merge-service-identities` - Merge the new service identities with the existing service identities.

- `-meta` - Indicates that token metadata such as the content hash and Raft indices should be
  shown for each entry.

- `-node-identity=<value>` - Name of a node identity to use for this role. May
  be specified multiple times. Format is `NODENAME:DATACENTER`. Added in Consul
  1.8.1.

- `-policy-id=<value>` - ID of a policy to use for this token. Overwrites existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-policy-name=<value>` - Name of a policy to use for this token. Overwrites existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

~> `-policy-id` and `-policy-name` will completely overwrite existing token policies. Use `-add-policy-id` or `-add-policy-name` to retain existing policies.

- `-add-policy-id=<value>` - ID of policy to be added for this token. The token retains existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-add-policy-name=<value>` - Name of a policy to be added for this token. The token retains existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-role-id=<value>` - ID of a role to use for this token. Overwrites existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-role-name=<value>` - Name of a role to use for this token. Overwrites existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

~> `-role-id` and `-role-name` will completely overwrite existing policies. Use `-add-role-id` or `-add-role-name` to retain the existing roles.

- `-add-role-id=<value>` - ID of a role to add to this token. The token retains existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-add-role-name=<value>` - Name of a role to add to this token. The token retains existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-service-identity=<value>` - Name of a service identity to use for this
  token. May be specified multiple times. Format is the `SERVICENAME` or
  `SERVICENAME:DATACENTER1,DATACENTER2,...`

- `-format={pretty|json}` - Command output format. The default value is `pretty`.

#### Enterprise Options

@include 'http_api_partition_options.mdx'

@include 'http_api_namespace_options.mdx'

#### API Options

@include 'http_api_options_client.mdx'

@include 'http_api_options_server.mdx'

## Examples

Update the anonymous token:

```shell-session
$ consul acl token update -id anonymous -policy-id 06acc
Token updated successfully.
AccessorID:   00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002
SecretID:     anonymous
Description:  Anonymous Token
Local:        false
Create Time:  0001-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
Policies:
   06acc965-df4b-5a99-58cb-3250930c6324 - node-services-read
```

Update a token description and take the policies from the existing token:

```shell-session
$ consul acl token update -id 986193 -description "WonderToken" -merge-policies
Token updated successfully.
AccessorID:   986193b5-e2b5-eb26-6264-b524ea60cc6d
SecretID:     ec15675e-2999-d789-832e-8c4794daa8d7
Description:  WonderToken
Local:        false
Create Time:  2018-10-22 15:33:39.01789 -0400 EDT
Policies:
   06acc965-df4b-5a99-58cb-3250930c6324 - node-services-read
```

Commit message:

rename to append and update tests

website/content/commands/acl/token/update.mdx, after:

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: ACL Token Update'
description: |
  The `consul acl token update` command updates ACL token details such as attached policies, roles, and service identities. Some token details cannot be changed with this command.
---

# Consul ACL Token Update

Command: `consul acl token update`

Corresponding HTTP API Endpoint: [\[PUT\] /v1/acl/token/:AccessorID](/consul/api-docs/acl/tokens#update-a-token)

The `acl token update` command will update a token. Some parts of the token like whether the
token is local to the datacenter cannot be changed.

The table below shows this command's [required ACLs](/consul/api-docs/api-structure#authentication). Configuration of
[blocking queries](/consul/api-docs/features/blocking) and [agent caching](/consul/api-docs/features/caching)
are not supported from commands, but may be from the corresponding HTTP endpoint.

| ACL Required |
| ------------ |
| `acl:write`  |

## Usage

Usage: `consul acl token update [options]`

#### Command Options

- `-description=<string>` - A description of the token

- `-id=<string>` - The Accessor ID of the token to read. It may be specified as a
  unique ID prefix but will error if the prefix matches multiple token Accessor IDs

- `merge-node-identities` - Merge the new node identities with the existing node
  identities.

- `-merge-policies` - Deprecated. Merge the new policies with the existing policies.

~> This is deprecated and will be removed in a future Consul version. Use `append-policy-id` or `append-policy-name`
instead.

- `-merge-roles` - Deprecated. Merge the new roles with the existing roles.

~> This is deprecated and will be removed in a future Consul version. Use `append-role-id` or `append-role-name`
instead.

- `-merge-service-identities` - Merge the new service identities with the existing service identities.

- `-meta` - Indicates that token metadata such as the content hash and Raft indices should be
  shown for each entry.

- `-node-identity=<value>` - Name of a node identity to use for this role. May
  be specified multiple times. Format is `NODENAME:DATACENTER`. Added in Consul
  1.8.1.

- `-policy-id=<value>` - ID of a policy to use for this token. Overwrites existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-policy-name=<value>` - Name of a policy to use for this token. Overwrites existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

~> `-policy-id` and `-policy-name` will completely overwrite existing token policies. Use `-append-policy-id` or `-append-policy-name` to retain existing policies.

- `-append-policy-id=<value>` - ID of policy to be added for this token. The token retains existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-append-policy-name=<value>` - Name of a policy to be added for this token. The token retains existing policies. May be specified multiple times.

- `-role-id=<value>` - ID of a role to use for this token. Overwrites existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-role-name=<value>` - Name of a role to use for this token. Overwrites existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

~> `-role-id` and `-role-name` will completely overwrite existing roles. Use `-append-role-id` or `-append-role-name` to retain the existing roles.

- `-append-role-id=<value>` - ID of a role to add to this token. The token retains existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-append-role-name=<value>` - Name of a role to add to this token. The token retains existing roles. May be specified multiple times.

- `-service-identity=<value>` - Name of a service identity to use for this
  token. May be specified multiple times. Format is the `SERVICENAME` or
  `SERVICENAME:DATACENTER1,DATACENTER2,...`

- `-format={pretty|json}` - Command output format. The default value is `pretty`.

#### Enterprise Options

@include 'http_api_partition_options.mdx'

@include 'http_api_namespace_options.mdx'

#### API Options

@include 'http_api_options_client.mdx'

@include 'http_api_options_server.mdx'

## Examples

Update the anonymous token:

```shell-session
$ consul acl token update -id anonymous -policy-id 06acc
Token updated successfully.
AccessorID:   00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002
SecretID:     anonymous
Description:  Anonymous Token
Local:        false
Create Time:  0001-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC
Policies:
   06acc965-df4b-5a99-58cb-3250930c6324 - node-services-read
```

Update a token description and take the policies from the existing token:

```shell-session
$ consul acl token update -id 986193 -description "WonderToken" -merge-policies
Token updated successfully.
AccessorID:   986193b5-e2b5-eb26-6264-b524ea60cc6d
SecretID:     ec15675e-2999-d789-832e-8c4794daa8d7
Description:  WonderToken
Local:        false
Create Time:  2018-10-22 15:33:39.01789 -0400 EDT
Policies:
   06acc965-df4b-5a99-58cb-3250930c6324 - node-services-read
```
